README.md, before:

# What is this?

This repository is a fork of the rr project originally from rr.  This fork
contains a branch (spin-off) tracks modifications to rr that allow processes to
be "spun off" of a rr replay session so that they can be attached to with and
manipulated by another tool (typically an injector provided by
[rrapper](https://github.com/pkmoore/rrapper).)  The master branch of this fork
is up to date with the latest version of rr with which these modifications can
be cleanly merged.

# Installation

rr itself should be compiled and installed according to the official
documentation except for the following:

The Python 2 extension in the rrdump directory needs to be installed somewhere
in python's module path.  This module provides functions for dumping state that
the rrapper injector needs to operate on a spun off process.

# Additional Dependencies

This modified version of rr requires the following be installed before it will
compile cleanly.  On supported versions of Ubuntu obtaining these dependencies
is best accomplished through apt as other package managers (specifically pip)
will give you installations that are not correctly detected by cmake

```
sudo apt install gcc-multilib g++-multilib  python python-pexpect libcapnp-dev capnproto autotools-dev autoconf gawk libpython-dev cmake zlib1g zlib1g-dev libdw-dev libbz2-1.0 libbz2-dev pkg-config

```

# Overview From The rr Project

rr is a lightweight tool for recording, replaying and debugging execution of applications (trees of processes and threads).
Debugging extends gdb with very efficient reverse-execution, which in combination with standard gdb/x86 features like hardware data watchpoints, makes debugging much more fun. More information about the project, including instructions on how to install, run, and build rr, is at [https://rr-project.org](https://rr-project.org). The best technical overview is currently the paper [Engineering Record And Replay For Deployability: Extended Technical Report](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1705.05937.pdf).

Or go directly to the [installation and building instructions](https://github.com/mozilla/rr/wiki/Building-And-Installing).

Please contribute!  Make sure to review the [pull request checklist](/CONTRIBUTING.md) before submitting a pull request.

If you find rr useful, please [add a testimonial](https://github.com/mozilla/rr/wiki/Testimonials).

# System requirements

* Linux kernel ≥ 3.11 is required (for `PTRACE_SETSIGMASK`).
* rr currently requires an Intel CPU with [Nehalem](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nehalem_%28microarchitecture%29) (2010) or later microarchitecture.
* Running in a VM guest is supported, as long as the VM supports virtualization of hardware performance counters. (VMware and KVM are known to work; Xen does not.)

Commit message:

Mention installing pexpect via pip in README.md

README.md, after:

# What is this?

This repository is a fork of the rr project originally from rr.  This fork
contains a branch (spin-off) tracks modifications to rr that allow processes to
be "spun off" of a rr replay session so that they can be attached to with and
manipulated by another tool (typically an injector provided by
[rrapper](https://github.com/pkmoore/rrapper).)  The master branch of this fork
is up to date with the latest version of rr with which these modifications can
be cleanly merged.

# Installation

rr itself should be compiled and installed according to the official
documentation except for the following:

The Python 2 extension in the rrdump directory needs to be installed somewhere
in python's module path.  This module provides functions for dumping state that
the rrapper injector needs to operate on a spun off process.

# Additional Dependencies

This modified version of rr requires the following be installed before it will
compile cleanly.  On supported versions of Ubuntu obtaining these dependencies
is best accomplished through apt as other package managers (specifically pip)
will give you installations that are not correctly detected by cmake

```
sudo apt install gcc-multilib g++-multilib  python python-pexpect libcapnp-dev capnproto autotools-dev autoconf gawk libpython-dev cmake zlib1g zlib1g-dev libdw-dev libbz2-1.0 libbz2-dev pkg-config

```
__Note__: You may need to install the Python pexpect module using pip if it is not available using the above command

# Overview From The rr Project

rr is a lightweight tool for recording, replaying and debugging execution of applications (trees of processes and threads).
Debugging extends gdb with very efficient reverse-execution, which in combination with standard gdb/x86 features like hardware data watchpoints, makes debugging much more fun. More information about the project, including instructions on how to install, run, and build rr, is at [https://rr-project.org](https://rr-project.org). The best technical overview is currently the paper [Engineering Record And Replay For Deployability: Extended Technical Report](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1705.05937.pdf).

Or go directly to the [installation and building instructions](https://github.com/mozilla/rr/wiki/Building-And-Installing).

Please contribute!  Make sure to review the [pull request checklist](/CONTRIBUTING.md) before submitting a pull request.

If you find rr useful, please [add a testimonial](https://github.com/mozilla/rr/wiki/Testimonials).

# System requirements

* Linux kernel ≥ 3.11 is required (for `PTRACE_SETSIGMASK`).
* rr currently requires an Intel CPU with [Nehalem](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nehalem_%28microarchitecture%29) (2010) or later microarchitecture.
* Running in a VM guest is supported, as long as the VM supports virtualization of hardware performance counters. (VMware and KVM are known to work; Xen does not.)
